feat: create and extract fork script (#94)
gonative-cc/relayer: contrib/bitcoin-mock.md

Then you can generate a block:

```sh
bitcoin-cli -regtest -generate <number-block>
```

If RPC params are required, you can provide them:

```sh
bitcoin-cli -regtest -rpcuser=user -rpcpassword=password -generate <number-block>
```

More information in [developer.bitcoin.org -> testing](https://developer.bitcoin.org/examples/testing.html).

### Create BTC fork for testing

> In a few cases, we must create a BTC fork for testing. The create-fork.sh script helps you do this. We provide two functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a few cases, we must create a BTC fork for testing. The `create-fork.sh` script helps you do this. We provide two functions:
```

> In a few cases, we must create a BTC fork for testing. The create-fork.sh script helps you to do this. We support two functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a few cases, we must create a BTC fork for testing. The create-fork.sh script helps you do this. We provide two functions:
```

#### Create fork

> Create a new fork start at the latest block in the snapshot data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new fork starting at the latest block in the snapshot data.
```

Reviewer: snapshot data? I see we can provide a `number-block`

Author: So this is `bitcoind-snapshot` folder. We assume all fork start from the latest block of this hash chain.

```sh
./create-fork.sh create <fork-name> <number-block>
```

> ### Extract fork

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Extract fork
```

> We can extract any block between a specific range. This command below returns the list of block headers in this range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extracts any block between a specified range. This command below returns the list of block headers in this range.
```
